Add attribution comment to introduction tutorial (#554)
Qiskit/retworkx: docs/source/tutorial/introduction.rst

> .. This document was adapted from and heavily based on the similar

Author: ```suggestion
.. This document was adapted from and originally based on the similar
```

>    introductutorial in  NetworkX's documentation which can be found here:

Author: ```suggestion
   introduction tutorial in  NetworkX's documentation which can be found here:
```
